  * [#Requirements Requirements]
  * [#Installation_instructions Installation instructions]
  * [#troubleshooting Troubleshooting]

----
== Requirements ==

  * Unix-like operating system: Linux, OS X, Cygwin.
  * Python 2.3
  * Vim 7.1 (python-enabled)

----
== Installation instructions ==

=== Vimball ===

Vim is now bundled with a plugin management utility called "Vimball", and it can be used to install Conque. First, download a `.vba` version of conque to any location on your hard drive. Then perform the following commands:

{{{
vim conque_term_XXX.vba
:so %
:q
}}}

The `:ConqueTerm` command will now be available the next time you start Vim. You can delete the `.vba` file after you have verified Conque was installed successfully.

=== Zip Archive ===

Alternatively, you can download a `.zip` or `.tar.gz` archive of Conque. Copy the files into the following locations:

{{{
 $HOME/.vim/autoload/conque_term.vim
 $HOME/.vim/doc/conque_term.txt
 $HOME/.vim/plugin/conque_term.vim
 $HOME/.vim/syntax/conque_term.vim
}}}

----
== Troubleshooting ==

===== "Conque requires the python interface to be installed" =====

The error message says it all. If you get this message it means either you don't have Python installed on your computer, you don't have a copy of Vim which uses the Python interface, or both.

Python will be available from whatever package manager you're using. Vim and Conque are built with the 2.X versions of Python. Vim (as of 7.2) will not be able to use Python 3.X.

Once you have Python installed, you'll need to get a version of Vim which has the Python interface installed. You can test if your version has it by typing `:echo has('python')` (1=installed, 0=not installed). Most package managers have a version of Vim with Python support. I get it with `vim-gnome` on Ubuntu and `vim-enhanced` on Fedora. If you compile Vim from source, use the `--enable-pythoniterp` option.